Not everybody, there's a half time.
Is that good? I mean, does that help? Well, we have
so many people coming in the summers that we can do
all the dissertations in the summers. It's too
much. But I think for eight to 12 months, I'm sure
that our salaries are that much more than the
average. Is the university not on the 12-month? Is
it just the College of Education? Really? Well,
that's my impression of it. There are other parts
of the college teaching summer sessions, but I
think they're appointed especially for that. It
gives more time for research if you're not
teaching. OK, for example, in your own situation,
as a professor and trying to do research and the
service, how do you balance your activity
time-wise? Well, I don't have classes on Friday,
and I've been trying to do recently. I was a
weekend, night weekend, involved in kind of
experimental research. My research is sort of
philosophical. I'm good. I've
been an old poet and school inspector working on
biography, not only as a genre, but as a, which we
are always sharing our biographies, just as we're
doing right now. And so the intent of how we find out
about others is a very important aspect of that
because I was instrumental in establishing the
society, the International Society
of Earth. Educational biography? Yes. Those are
the kinds of things that I do. Oh. For your own self,
what do you feel like? has been Jack Campbell's
contribution to the College of Education. Oh, you
know, one gets discouraged
because they wonder if they've ever done any good.
We can't measure those things. Which is we also
very often,
I think, understand. They're not selling
something. It's hard to say
what the contribution is. I would like to think
that it would change somebody's way of looking at
teaching. I don't know whether that could be
someday. Somebody will look back and say, I made a
difference. But this is very difficult. I don't
think we ever do as teachers. You touch the lives,
and very rarely will you have the opportunity to
have people come back and say, not very rarely you
will have it. And I know that I have heard it from
almost everybody that has had you in class. And
your caring for students has always been
something that comes out from people. And I think
that means more than anything. You have shown all
along that you cared for students. Yes, I think
that. I do. I don't know if I... that comes out, but I
do really care for them, and I think the award last
year was the height of my career. I want to thank the
Association
of Former Students. I want to thank you, Dr.
Campbell. I think we've covered the majority of
the questions, and if I could come back with a few
specific questions later on as the work evolves.
Yes, I'll stop if you want. Yes, I'd love to have
that. I'll just give you a little background up to
the time, and then I'll come back and mention it.
That'll be wonderful.